#136 eml amendmets - Changed description in plugin.spec | Changed bar… (#241)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: eml/help.md

|Name|Type|Default|Required|Description|Enum|
|----|----|-------|--------|-----------|----|

> |eml_file|bytes|None|True|Email message File|None|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|eml_file|bytes|None|True|Email message file|None|
```

# Version History

> * 1.1.3 - Use input and output constants | Remove unused variables | Changed variables names to more readable | Updated `Exception` to `PluginException`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 1.1.3 - Use input and output constants | Remove unused variables | Improved variable name readability | Updated `Exception` to `PluginException`
```

> * 1.1.3 - Changed description in plugin.spec | Changed bare strings in params.get and output to static fields from schema | Remove unused variables | Changed variables names to more readable | Changed `Exception` to `PluginException`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* 1.1.3 - Use input and output constants | Remove unused variables | Changed variables names to more readable | Updated `Exception` to `PluginException`
```
